This is the README file for Authen::ACE, the Perl interface to the
Security Dynamics' SecurID ACE client API.

This is version 0.90 of Authen::ACE. This version is still considered
alpha software. It has only been built on Solaris 2.5.1 with Perl
5.004_03 and gcc 2.7.2.1. It has only been tested against version
3.0.1 of ACE/Server.

AVAILABILITY

The latest version of Authen::ACE is available from the Comprehensive
Perl Archive Network (CPAN) or via anonymous FTP at 

  ftp://ftp.iplenergy.com/pub/perl 

INSTALLATION

See the accompanying INSTALL file for detailed installation
directions.

EXAMPLES

The eg directory contains a few example scripts. Some of them require
entering PINs and tokens. If you have the Term::ReadKey module
(available from CPAN), then the example scripts will generally use it
to avoid echoing PINs to the screen. If you don't have the module, ALL
ENTERED PINS WILL WILL BE DISPLAYED IN PLAIN TEXT.

SUPPORT

You can send bug reports and suggestions for improvements on this
module to me at <mailto:Dave.Carrigan@iplenergy.com>. However, I can't
promise to offer any other support for this module (the lawyers made
me say that).

FUTURE WORK

Support for the functions sdi_auth_create_certificate() and
sdi_auth_validate_certificate() is not yet implemented.

COPYRIGHT

This module is Copyright © 1997 Dave Carrigan, Interprovincial Pipe
Line Inc. All rights reserved.

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself. This module is distributed in the
hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even
the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. The copyright holder of this module can not be held liable
for any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising
out of the use of the module.
